---
page_title: "trocco_connection Resource - trocco"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a TROCCO connection resource.
---

# trocco_connection (Resource)

Provides a TROCCO connection resource.

## Example Usage

### Bigquery

```terraform
resource "trocco_connection" "bigquery" {
  connection_type = "bigquery"

  name        = "BigQuery Example"
  description = "This is a BigQuery connection example"

  project_id               = "example"
  service_account_json_key = <<JSON
  {
    "type": "service_account",
    "project_id": "example-project-id",
    "private_key_id": "example-private-key-id",
    "private_key":"-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\n..."
  }
  JSON
}
```

### Snowflake 

```terraform
resource "trocco_connection" "snowflake" {
  connection_type = "snowflake"

  name        = "Snowflake Example"
  description = "This is a Snowflake connection example"

  host        = "exmaple.snowflakecomputing.com"
  auth_method = "user_password"
  user_name   = "<User Name>"
  password    = "<Password>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_type` (String) The type of the connection. It must be one of `bigquery`, `snowflake`, `gcs`, or `mysql`.
- `name` (String) The name of the connection.

### Optional

- `application_name` (String) GCS: Application name.
- `auth_method` (String) Snowflake: The authentication method for the Snowflake user. It must be one of `key_pair` or `user_password`.
- `description` (String) The description of the connection.
- `gateway_enabled` (Boolean) MySQL: Whether to connect via SSH
- `gateway_host` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: SSH Host
- `gateway_key` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: SSH Private Key
- `gateway_key_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: SSH Private Key Passphrase
- `gateway_password` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: SSH Password
- `gateway_port` (Number, Sensitive) MySQL: SSH Port
- `gateway_user_name` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: SSH User
- `host` (String) Snowflake: The host of a Snowflake account.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Snowflake: The password for the Snowflake user.
- `port` (Number) MySQL: The port of the MySQL server.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) Snowflake: A private key for the Snowflake user.
- `project_id` (String) BigQuery, GCS: A GCP project ID.
- `resource_group_id` (Number) The ID of the resource group the connection belongs to.
- `role` (String) Snowflake: A role attached to the Snowflake user.
- `service_account_email` (String, Sensitive) GCS: A GCP service account email.
- `service_account_json_key` (String, Sensitive) BigQuery: A GCP service account key.
- `ssl` (Boolean) MySQL: Whether to use SSL for the MySQL connection.
- `ssl_ca` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: CA certificate
- `ssl_cert` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: Certificate (CRT file)
- `ssl_key` (String, Sensitive) MySQL: Key (KEY file)
- `user_name` (String) Snowflake: The name of a Snowflake user.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the connection.



## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import trocco_connection.example <connection_type>,<id>
```

