---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "trocco_dbt_job_definition Resource - trocco"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a TROCCO dbt job definition resource.
---

# trocco_dbt_job_definition (Resource)

Provides a TROCCO dbt job definition resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "trocco_dbt_job_definition" "example" {
  name                  = "example dbt job"
  description           = "daily dbt run"
  dbt_git_repository_id = trocco_dbt_git_repository.example.id
  threads               = 4
  target                = "prod"

  bigquery_setting = {
    connection_id = trocco_connection.bigquery.id
    dataset       = "analytics"
    location      = "asia-northeast1"
  }

  commands = [
    {
      command = "run"
      options = [{ key = "--vars", value = "ds=2026-05-20" }]
    },
    { command = "test" },
  ]

  custom_variable_settings = [
    {
      name  = "$ds$"
      type  = "string"
      value = "2026-05-20"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dbt_git_repository_id` (Number) The ID of the dbt Git repository to associate with this job definition. Changing it to a repository with a different adapter type is rejected by the server.
- `name` (String) The name of the dbt job definition.

### Optional

- `bigquery_setting` (Attributes) BigQuery adapter setting. Exactly one of `bigquery_setting` / `snowflake_setting` / `redshift_setting` must be set, matching the adapter type of the linked dbt Git repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bigquery_setting))
- `commands` (Attributes List) Ordered list of dbt commands to run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--commands))
- `custom_variable_settings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_variable_settings))
- `description` (String) The description of the dbt job definition.
- `redshift_setting` (Attributes) Redshift adapter setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redshift_setting))
- `resource_group_id` (Number) The ID of the resource group that the dbt job definition belongs to.
- `snowflake_setting` (Attributes) Snowflake adapter setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snowflake_setting))
- `target` (String) dbt profile target name. Defaults to `trocco_default`.
- `threads` (Number) Number of dbt threads (1-16). Defaults to `1`.

### Read-Only

- `adapter_type` (String) The adapter type derived from the linked dbt Git repository (one of `bigquery`, `snowflake`, `redshift`).
- `id` (Number) The ID of the dbt job definition.

<a id="nestedatt--bigquery_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bigquery_setting`

Required:

- `connection_id` (Number) The ID of the BigQuery connection.
- `dataset` (String) BigQuery dataset.

Optional:

- `location` (String) BigQuery location.


<a id="nestedatt--commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `commands`

Required:

- `command` (String) The dbt subcommand. One of [build deps run run-operation seed snapshot source-freshness test].

Optional:

- `options` (Attributes List) Command options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--commands--options))
- `value` (String) Argument for the subcommand (e.g. model selector for `run`).

<a id="nestedatt--commands--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `commands.options`

Required:

- `key` (String) Option key (e.g. `--vars`).

Optional:

- `value` (String) Option value.



<a id="nestedatt--custom_variable_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_variable_settings`

Required:

- `name` (String) Custom variable name. It must start and end with `$`
- `type` (String) Custom variable type. The following types are supported: `string`, `timestamp`, `timestamp_runtime`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) Direction of the diff from context_time. The following directions are supported: `ago`, `later`. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `format` (String) Format used to replace variables. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `quantity` (Number) Quantity used to calculate diff from context_time. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `time_zone` (String) Time zone used to format the timestamp. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `unit` (String) Time unit used to calculate diff from context_time. The following units are supported: `hour`, `date`, `month`. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `value` (String) Fixed string which will replace variables at runtime. Required in `string` type


<a id="nestedatt--redshift_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redshift_setting`

Required:

- `connection_id` (Number) The ID of the Redshift connection.
- `database` (String) Redshift database name.
- `schema` (String) Redshift schema name.


<a id="nestedatt--snowflake_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snowflake_setting`

Required:

- `connection_id` (Number) The ID of the Snowflake connection.
- `database` (String) Snowflake database name.
- `schema` (String) Snowflake schema name.
- `warehouse` (String) Snowflake warehouse name.

Optional:

- `role` (String) Snowflake role name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import trocco_dbt_job_definition.example <dbt_job_definition_id>
```
