---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "trocco_job_definition Resource - terraform-provider-trocco"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a TROCCO job definitions.
---

# trocco_job_definition (Resource)

Provides a TROCCO job definitions.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `input_option` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_option))
- `input_option_type` (String) Input option type.
- `is_runnable_concurrently` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to run a job if another job with the same job definition is running at the time the job is run
- `name` (String) Name of the job definition. It must be less than 256 characters
- `output_option` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_option))
- `output_option_type` (String) Output option type.
- `retry_limit` (Number) Maximum number of retries. if set 0, the job will not be retried

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the job definition. It must be at least 1 character
- `labels` (Attributes Set) Labels to be attached to the job definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--labels))
- `notifications` (Attributes Set) Notifications to be attached to the job definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notifications))
- `resource_enhancement` (String) Resource size to be used when executing the job. If not specified, the resource size specified in the transfer settings is applied. The value that can be specified varies depending on the connector. (This parameter is available only in the Professional plan.
- `resource_group_id` (Number) ID of the resource group to which the job definition belongs
- `schedules` (Attributes Set) Schedules to be attached to the job definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the job definition

<a id="nestedatt--input_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_option`

Optional:

- `mysql_input_option` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_option--mysql_input_option))

<a id="nestedatt--input_option--mysql_input_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_option.mysql_input_option`

Required:

- `connect_timeout` (Number)
- `database` (String)
- `fetch_rows` (Number)
- `incremental_loading_enabled` (Boolean)
- `input_option_columns` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_option--mysql_input_option--input_option_columns))
- `mysql_connection_id` (Number)
- `query` (String)
- `socket_timeout` (Number)

Optional:

- `custom_variable_settings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_option--mysql_input_option--custom_variable_settings))
- `default_time_zone` (String)
- `incremental_columns` (String)
- `last_record` (String)
- `table` (String)
- `use_legacy_datetime_code` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--input_option--mysql_input_option--input_option_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_option.mysql_input_option.input_option_columns`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--input_option--mysql_input_option--custom_variable_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_option.mysql_input_option.custom_variable_settings`

Required:

- `name` (String) Custom variable name. It must start and end with `$`
- `type` (String) Custom variable type. The following types are supported: `string`, `timestamp`, `timestamp_runtime`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) Direction of the diff from context_time. The following directions are supported: `ago`, `later`. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `format` (String) Format used to replace variables. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `quantity` (Number) Quantity used to calculate diff from context_time. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `time_zone` (String) Time zone used to format the timestamp. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `unit` (String) Time unit used to calculate diff from context_time. The following units are supported: `hour`, `date`, `month`. Required in `timestamp` and `timestamp_runtime` types
- `value` (String) Fixed string which will replace variables at runtime. Required in `string` type




<a id="nestedatt--output_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_option`

Optional:

- `bigquery_output_option` (Attributes Map) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_option--bigquery_output_option))

<a id="nestedatt--output_option--bigquery_output_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_option.bigquery_output_option`

Required:

- `auto_create_dataset` (Boolean)
- `auto_create_table` (Boolean)
- `bigquery_connection_id` (Number)
- `dataset` (String)
- `mode` (String)
- `open_timeout_sec` (Number)
- `read_timeout_sec` (Number)
- `retries` (Number)
- `send_timeout_sec` (Number)
- `table` (String)
- `timeout_sec` (Number)

Optional:

- `before_load` (String)
- `bigquery_output_option_clustering_fields` (List of String)
- `bigquery_output_option_column_options` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_option--bigquery_output_option--bigquery_output_option_column_options))
- `bigquery_output_option_merge_keys` (List of String)
- `location` (String)
- `partitioning_type` (String)
- `template_table` (String)
- `time_partitioning_expiration_ms` (Number)
- `time_partitioning_field` (String)
- `time_partitioning_require_partition_filter` (Boolean)
- `time_partitioning_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--output_option--bigquery_output_option--bigquery_output_option_column_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_option.bigquery_output_option.bigquery_output_option_column_options`

Required:

- `mode` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `description` (String)
- `timestamp_format` (String)
- `timezone` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the label

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the label


<a id="nestedatt--notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notifications`

Required:

- `destination_type` (String) Destination service where the notification will be sent. The following types are supported: `slack`, `email`
- `message` (String) The message to be sent with the notification
- `notification_type` (String) Category of condition. The following types are supported: `job`, `record`

Optional:

- `email_id` (Number) ID of the email used to send notifications. Required when `destination_type` is `email`
- `notify_when` (String) Specifies the job status that trigger a notification. The following types are supported: `finished`, `failed`. Required when `notification_type` is `job`
- `record_count` (Number) The number of records to be used for condition. Required when `notification_type` is `record`
- `record_operator` (String) Operator to be used for condition. The following operators are supported: `above`, `below`. Required when `notification_type` is `record`
- `record_type` (String) Condition for number of records to be notified
- `slack_channel_id` (Number) ID of the slack channel used to send notifications. Required when `destination_type` is `slack`


<a id="nestedatt--schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedules`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) Frequency of automatic execution. The following frequencies are supported: `hourly`, `daily`, `weekly`, `monthly`
- `minute` (Number) Value of minute. Required for all schedules
- `time_zone` (String) Time zone to be used for calculation

Optional:

- `day` (Number) Value of day. Required in `monthly` schedule
- `day_of_week` (Number) Value of day of week. Sunday - Saturday is represented as 0 - 6. Required in `weekly` schedule
- `hour` (Number) Value of hour. Required in `daily`, `weekly`, and `monthly` schedules
